{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Lucida Console;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green191\blue191;\red191\green191\blue191;\red0\green191\blue0;\red191\green0\blue191;\red191\green0\blue0;\red191\green191\blue0;\red64\green255\blue64;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue191;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs24\lang9 Amber Road\par
\par
\cf2 The nearer to Coral you are, the hillier the terrain gets.\par
The hills, while not mountains are getting steeper, the peaks and troughs\par
as you travel are more extreme. It also means that you cannot quite tell\par
what will be ahead of you. Looking eastwards you see the mountains\par
rising high in the sky, straining your vision you wonder if one of the\par
more distant ones is actually smoking. You didn't know that there were\par
active volcanoes in this land.\par
\cf3 Obvious exits: southwest, northeast.\par
\par
\cf4 07:27:52.8   | Go notified.\par
07:27:52.8   | Cartography area match: 985, Amber Road\par
07:27:52.8   | Cartography notify done on: (?s)(?:(?:.+?Stone\\....\par
07:27:52.9   | <class 'command.Go.Go'> wait_until_ready waiting 0.1\par
\cf2 [97 H 42 M]: \cf4 07:27:52.9   | Go.execute() 2\par
07:27:52.9   | "go southwest"\par
\par
\cf1 Amber Road\par
\par
\cf2 The land here is getting hillier as you travel northwards.\par
The remains of the road are very patchy here. In fact there are stretches\par
where it appears to have disappeared altogether. As you walk though you\par
can see small signs that this was indeed the road, a broken sword blade\par
here and the remains of a brass curaisse there. It seems that there has\par
been much fighting along this road over the years.\par
\cf3 Obvious exits: southwest, northeast.\par
\par
\cf4 07:27:53.1   | Go notified.\par
07:27:53.1   | Cartography area match: 986, Amber Road\par
07:27:53.1   | Cartography notify done on: (?s)(?:(?:.+?Stone\\....\par
07:27:53.1   | <class 'command.Go.Go'> wait_until_ready waiting 0.1\par
\cf2 [97 H 42 M]: \cf4 07:27:53.3   | Go.execute() 2\par
07:27:53.3   | "go southwest"\par
\cf2 A gnoll bandit just arrived.\par
\cf5 The gnoll bandit attacks you.\par
\cf4 07:27:53.4   | mobs.list []; notification from regex: ((?P<mob1>\par
07:27:53.4   | mobs.attacking ['gnoll bandit']\par
07:27:53.4   | mobs.list [gnoll bandit]; notification from regex: (?P<mobs>[\par
07:27:53.4   | mobs.attacking ['gnoll bandit']\par
ReferencingList.get() found nothing. ref/index: mime/None\par
\cf2 [97 H 42 M]: \cf6 The gnoll bandit blocks your exit.\par
\cf2 [97 H 42 M]: \cf4 07:27:53.5   | Go notified.\par
07:27:53.5   | Cartography blocking mob name: gnoll bandit\par
07:27:53.5   | Cartography notify done on: ((?P<mob1>The( [A-Z]...\par
MudMap.get_path self.los_map:\par
MudMap.get_path start/end: 986/611.\par
MudMap.get_path() returning: ['southwest', 'southwest', 'west', 'southwest', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'west', 'northwest', 'northwest', 'north', 'northwest', 'west', 'southwest', 'bridge', 'southwest', 'southwest', 'southwest', 'west', 'west', 'gates', 'north', 'east', 'general store']\par
07:27:53.5   | Go.execute() 2\par
07:27:53.5   | "go southwest"\par
\cf6 The gnoll bandit blocks your exit.\par
\cf2 [97 H 42 M]: \cf4 07:27:53.7   | Go notified.\par
07:27:53.7   | Cartography blocking mob name: gnoll bandit\par
07:27:53.7   | Cartography notify done on: ((?P<mob1>The( [A-Z]...\par
\par
10:27:05.7   | ""\par
\par
10:27:06.3   | TelnetHandler read_some() error: [Errno 113] Software caused connection abort\par
10:27:06.3   | ""\par
10:27:06.4   | TelnetHandler write() error: <class 'socket.error'>\par
10:27:06.4   | LosHelper caught telnet error and quitting:\par
10:27:06.4   | Errno: None\par
10:27:06.4   | Joining mud map thread.\par
10:27:06.4   | Joining bot_thread.\par
Exception in thread Thread-2:\par
Traceback (most recent call last):\par
  File "/usr/lib/python3.2/threading.py", line 740, in _bootstrap_inner\par
    self.run()\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/comm/MudListenerThread.py", line 50, in run\par
    fragment = fragment + self.telnetHandler.read_some().decode('ascii', errors='ignore')\par
AttributeError: 'str' object has no attribute 'decode'\par
\par
\cf2 Exception in thread Thread-6:\par
Traceback (most recent call last):\par
  File "/usr/lib/python3.2/threading.py", line 740, in _bootstrap_inner\par
    self.run()\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/bots/BotThread.py", line 74, in run\par
    self.do_pre_go_actions()\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/bots/TrackGrindThread.py", line 175, in do_pre_go_actions\par
    self.check_armour()\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/bots/GrindThread.py", line 598, in check_armour\par
    self.command_handler.armour_bot.suit_up()\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/mini_bots/armour_bot.py", line 64, in suit_up\par
    self.get_needed_default_armour()\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/mini_bots/armour_bot.py", line 163, in get_needed_default_armour\par
    self.travel_bot.go_to_area(asi.area.id)\par
  File "/cygdrive/c/Users/Laurier/Documents/Programming/los-helper/main/mini_bots/travel_bot.py", line 92, in go_to_area\par
    raise Exception("TravelBot aborting due to errors!")\par
Exception: TravelBot aborting due to errors!\par
\par
\cf4 10:27:07.0   | Joining mudListenerThread\par
10:27:07.0   | Joining mudReaderThread\par
10:27:07.0   | Closed telnet.\par
10:27:07.0   | Threads remaining: 2\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
10:27:07.0   | MiniBot.stop()\par
\cf7 Laurier@LauriersLaptop 10:27:07 los-helper>\cf0  ./run.sh brocolli mazemab\par
Lands of Stone Helper loading code...\par
\cf4 10:27:38.1   | LosHelper instantiation...\par
10:27:38.7   | LosHelper stripped args: ['brocolli', 'mazemab']\par
10:27:38.7   | "Brocolli"\par
10:27:38.7   | "mazemab"\par
10:27:38.7   | "whois Brocolli"\par
\par
\cf2 /---------------------------------------------------------------------------\\\par
|    The Flint Engine version 1.9.9           Developed by Shihan, Kaedan   |\par
|    Derived from Mordor V4.06 by Brooke Paul & Brett Vickers               |\par
|                                                                           |\par
|    Website   : {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.landsofstone.org }}{\fldrslt{www.landsofstone.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24                                        |\par
|    Game      : mud.landsofstone.org                                       |\par
|    Scenarios : type 'help credits' in-game to view details                |\par
|    Connection problems? email andyb@creative-realms.net with details.     |\par
|                                                                           |\par
|                          lands of stone v(0.86.8)                         |\par
|                                                                           |\par
|                                 Welcome!                                  |\par
|                                                                           |\par
\\---------------------------------------------------------------------------/\par
\par
Please enter name: Please enter password:\par
### Brocolli the Human Guardian just entered the Lands of Stone.\par
\par
\cf1 Limbo\par
\par
\cf2 Eternity looks so boring from this viewpoint, flat and grey forever.\par
\cf3 Obvious exits: amethyst.\par
\par
\cf2                  ---~~~===Lands of Stone News ===~~~---\par
\par
  New players : Type in      help visitor\par
              : Talk to the immigration officer about levelling\par
\par
  Forums      : {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://losbb.creative-realms.net }}{\fldrslt{http://losbb.creative-realms.net\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
  Release 1.9.9 is a maintenance update and does not modify any game\par
                mechanics\par
\par
  Player storage rooms have been restore and our apologies for the delay.\par
\par
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
  Please use bugreport for any issues you come across.\par
\par
  Don't forget to do HELP POLICY every now and again.\par
  HELP CHANGES lists all recent changes\par
\par
===> End of News                         (Last updated 15th November 2010)\par
\par
[31 H 10 M]: New mail since: Wed May  6 22:49:43 2015\par
\par
[31 H 10 M]: \cf6 Player                Cls Gen [Lv]Title                      Age   Race\par
\cf9 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\cf2 Brocolli              Pal  M  [14]Guardian                   16    Human    \par
[31 H 10 M]: \cf4 10:27:39.2   | Whois: Pal M 14 Guardian 16 Human\par
10:27:39.2   | CharacterClass final abilities: \{'hid': <command.Ability.Hide object at 0x6fffeb22ed0>, 'tu': <command.Ability.Turn object at 0x6fffeb22e50>, 'pra': <command.Ability.Pray object at 0x6fffeb22e90>, 'prep': <command.Ability.Prepare object at 0x6fffeb22fd0>, 'sea': <command.Ability.Search object at 0x6fffeb22dd0>\}\par
10:27:39.2   | "spells"\par
\par
\cf6 /=== Combat Spells ======================================================\\\par
| Level Earth        Wind         Fire         Water        Astral       |\par
|   1                Hurt                      Blister                   |\par
|   2                                                                    |\par
|   3                                                                    |\par
|   4                                                                    |\par
|   5                                                                    |\par
\cf1 /================== Healing and Protection ==============================\\\par
|   Vigor            Mend-Wounds                                         |\par
|                                     Protection                         |\par
\cf2 /======================================= Miscellaneous ==================\\\par
|   Light            Bless                                               |\par
|   Show-Aura                                                            |\par
\cf3 /===================================================== Running Spells ===\\\par
|                                   none                                 |\par
\\========================================================================/\par
\cf2 [31 H 10 M]: \cf4 10:27:39.4   | Spells: ['hu', 'blis', 'v', 'm', 'prot', 'l', 'show']\par
10:27:39.5   | "info"\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf3 /============================== Overview ==================================\\\par
|             Brocolli the Human, a Guardian of the 14th level             |\par
|                Your preferred alignment is heavenly blue                 |\par
\\==========================================================================/\par
\par
\cf6  /==== Attributes =====\\  /======= Weapons =====\\  /======= Magic ========\\\par
 |       Str : 11      |  |     Sharp   : 0  %  |  |     Earth : 0  %     |\par
 |       Dex : 9       |  |     Thrust  : 0  %  |  |     Wind  : 0  %     |\par
 |       Con : 21      |  |     Blunt   : 93 %  |  |     Fire  : 0  %     |\par
 |       Int : 6       |  |     Pole    : 0  %  |  |     Water : 0  %     |\par
 |       Pty : 21      |  |     Missile : 0  %  |  |    Astral : 0  %     |\par
 \\=====================/  \\=====================/  \\======================/\par
\par
\cf1  /===== Status 1 ======\\  /====== Status 2 =====\\  /=====  Status 3 ======\\\par
 |   Curr HP : 31      |  |     Exp : 959240    |  | GameTime :  21:19:22 |\par
 |    Max HP : 97      |  |    Gold : 1356097   |  | Game Age : 16        |\par
 |   Curr MP : 10      |  |  -Needed to Level-  |  |                      |\par
 |    Max MP : 42      |  |     Exp : 757125    |  |   Weight : 104       |\par
 |        AC : 3       |  |    Gold : 378562    |  |  Objects : 28        |\par
 \\=====================/  \\=====================/  \\======================/\par
\par
\cf2 [31 H 10 M]: \cf4 10:27:39.8   | Character.process_info()\par
10:27:39.8   | <class 'command.equipment.Equipment'>\par
10:27:39.8   | "l"\par
\par
\cf1 Limbo\par
\par
\cf2 Eternity looks so boring from this viewpoint, flat and grey forever.\par
\cf3 Obvious exits: amethyst.\par
\par
\cf4 10:27:40.0   | Go notified.\par
10:27:40.0   | Cartography area match: 82, Limbo\par
10:27:40.0   | Cartography notify done on: (?s)(?:(?:.+?Stone\\....\par
10:27:40.0   | "i"\par
\cf2 [31 H 10 M]: You have: six chain mail hoods, a copper ring, a glowing potion, a large sack,\par
a maul hammer, five scarlet potions, two silver chalices, a steel bottle.\par
[31 H 10 M]: \cf4 10:27:40.3   | Inventory.set_inventory overwriting self.list, len 18.\par
\cf0\f1\fs22\par
}
 